one -- one
two -- one
three -- one
four -- one
five -- one
six -- one
seven -- one
eight -- one
nine -- one
ten -- one
eleven -- two
twelve -- two
thirteen -- two
fourteen -- two
fifteen -- two
sixteen -- two
seventeen -- two
eighteen -- two
nineteen -- two
twenty -- two
twenty-one -- three
twenty-two -- three
twenty-three -- three
twenty-four -- three
twenty-five -- three
twenty-six -- three
twenty-seven -- three
twenty-eight -- three
twenty-nine -- three
thirty -- three
thirty-one -- four
thirty-two -- four
thirty-three -- four
thirty-four -- four
thirty-five -- four
thirty-six -- four
thirty-seven -- four
thirty-eight -- four
thirty-nine -- four
forty -- four
forty-one -- five
forty-two -- five
forty-three -- five
forty-four -- five
forty-five -- five
forty-six -- five
forty-seven -- five
forty-eight -- five
forty-nine -- five
fifty -- five
fifty-one -- six
fifty-two -- six
fifty-three -- six
fifty-four -- six
fifty-five -- six
fifty-six -- six
fifty-seven -- six
fifty-eight -- six
fifty-nine -- six
sixty -- six
sixty-one -- seven
sixty-two -- seven
sixty-three -- seven
sixty-four -- seven
sixty-five -- seven
sixty-six -- seven
sixty-seven -- seven
sixty-eight -- seven
sixty-nine -- seven
seventy -- seven
seventy-one -- eight
seventy-two -- eight
seventy-three -- eight
seventy-four -- eight
seventy-five -- eight
seventy-six -- eight
seventy-seven -- eight
seventy-eight -- eight
seventy-nine -- eight
eighty -- eight
eighty-one -- nine
eighty-two -- nine
eighty-three -- nine
eighty-four -- nine
eighty-five -- nine
eighty-six -- nine
eighty-seven -- nine
eighty-eight -- nine
eighty-nine -- nine
ninety -- nine
ninety-one -- ten
ninety-two -- ten
ninety-three -- ten
ninety-four -- ten
ninety-five -- ten
ninety-six -- ten
ninety-seven -- ten
ninety-eight -- ten
ninety-nine -- ten
one hundred -- ten